Roadmap_rough_draft

[personal note: I’ve nearly 24hrs on the project this work week already. I think of approximately months worth of full-time work I could do associated to the project. I need to choose my battles. Mine is to have a positive impact towards collaboration and transparency. I’ve decided to go with the current draft of my readme.md file and format this draft as brainstorming exercise of sorts. I’m writing loosely from here on. Excuse typos.]

[another note: a located a file that included audio notes for a demonstration video, which I orginally thought would be ideal view of the repos – less the readme.md file. In other words, I was aiming to make the demo video I’m now actually leaning toward for the next commit way more comprehensive.  However, after a break a started looking around at projects I kind of look up to on github that have a sort of user derived kind of origins. Writing loosely again.. Among that list, I didn’t find an instance of video within a  project that was as bulky as the comprehensive one I wanted. Started looking around and found a handful of  readme.md and roadmap.md instances though. Motions to emulate those structures. Using the below audio notes as a guide to reformat this doc into the eventual first draft. While it’s very rough, there’s still helpful gems. I’m going to include it  largely as is within the commit]


[ A final note. Atom-Beautify’s readme.md file..  Or at least I think it was. Anyway I liked the use of gifs. It had a really clean feel to it. Plus they covered a lot of ground. May want to consider similar in the future. ]

[start of brainstorming exercise]

	Prior to starting the video, I want state a few notes. To date, I’ve prepared & pushed commits for the two GitHub repos without nearly any collaboration. That needs to change. I definitely have a great deal of respect for open-source projects. In a lot of ways, I think crowd-sourcing is one of the most dynamic representation of the word team. I’ve seen this time and time again within a number of projects I follows. There’s way too many for me to portray within a list, I figured I’d give it a shot.  I’m rather Awed by the transparency these projects achieve, and how easy it is to access documentation related to them.   

	The project folder I’m using within the demo is practically line for line the same as the code within the GitHub repo. The only expections I can think of relate to the contract address under the index.hbs file and a line or two under the emblem.sol file. Essentially, I’m preparing this video within a different testing environment.  On a device I usually use for entertainment purposes. Also, please don’t expect anything fancy. I’m just using nodejs, atom,  ganache.. errm and nodemon  ohh the  dependencies  within the node_modules folders. In order to shorten this videos total time, I decided to give my best attempt at multi-tasking, as i’m interacting with the repo in the background. In particular, I want to cover both develepoment and deployment activities(to date). Feel free to put me on mute if its annoying. Its past my bedtime. So, Here we go..

	In Introspect , My development activities have occurred on average roughly 35hrs per week since two months prior my repos first commits. I expect my development activities to decrease to roughly 15hrs per week on average within the near future, but my hope is for  that average to increase as result of inbound communications from developers.  In terms of deployment activities to date, I’m thinking particularly of Ethereum's platform, a deployed contract address, and the contract’s externally owned address. I’m nearing newer commits, which could entail those addresses. That actually Implies a lot.

	While the term Decentralized application’s meaning is still under debate, those applications tend to share a characteristic: namely, they’re open-source. In order to appeal to that characteristic, It’s important to establish transparency related to the project. Right now, I prefer to postpone deployment activities until I receive Inbound communications pertaining to the repos underlying code for me to perform due diligence with. So, deployment is really on tentative schedule, and in all likelihood the contract’s address will incur  as result of a transaction from the address referenced as EOA within the project’s current homepage. Once deployed, I’ll likely push commits that reference the contract’s address, so you should be able to view that address on the website as well.

	Probably the biggest factor that may expedite deployment activities is whether i’m able to situate the project in a manner I can like reasonably expect inbound communications from developers pertaining to the Repositories code.  So, an objective of mine is to receive a listing on stateofthedapps.io for the project.  If I can accomplish that, I think it would be a huge shift from me having to craft inquires and responses for the project on select external forums to project receiving an abundance of qualitative feedback from developers as result of the listing.

	I hope up to now the visual demonstration has  highlighted how there’s really two  separate aspects to the project – from a code perspective... right!. . there’s the Ethereum addresses and then there’s the application – which aims to communicate with the deployed address.  While the meaning of the  term Decentralized application is still under debate today, perhaps a better perspective how the code deployed with the browser can categorize the contract address as Decentralized application. If a creator of a contract encodes it with the intent to allow others to interact with its’ resources in a certain manner, then -as long as that manner is accessible to other - the contract could  be arguably classified as a Decentralized application.  IN THIS CASE, the contract demonstrated as deployed was encoded to allow others to view my pen name and its’ version tag. Eventually, any given person will be able to accomplish that view without authorization from a middleman to do so -  or at least this is the aim.

	As of now there’s certainly more work to be done, and that work is mostly related to repos solidity code.  In particular, I want to edit string values to unsigned integer, and also intro code related to EOA.  But after taking into account the completion of those edits, an argument can be made that activities related to advancing the project as template are actually winding down. Of course, that’s from the perspective of a user hosting the application on his or hers local network. I don’t think that’s ideal – but let’s continue that thought in moment within the upcoming activities section – concluding the visual demonstration.

Upcoming Activities:

-Digital Ocean

	So Digital Ocean.. this comes back to the idea of hosting the application locally, which I don’t think is an ideal model to scale the project towards. At any rate, an effort to research  Digital Ocean’s services is truly a far distant interest. I just figured it would be worth noting here.
-Backup & restore [testing]

	While digital ocean is distant interest to research, Back up and restore tests could have remarkably positive impact towards not only the emblem project but also my pen name’s endeavor.

Blockchain technology is ridiculously secure, but the devices we use them on aren’t necessarily.  I’m sure developers could convey that statement better than I can.  For me, Backdoor sand ‘application permissions’ come to mind.  Also, I’ve kind of maxed out my testing environments. I really only have one device I can test code on now -   but I recently went ham on that one so I need to do a fresh Ubuntu installation on it. I’m actually not a complete newbie at backup and restore practices. I’ve prepared a projected personal expense – A good faith estimate. Feel free to pause or rewind the video later on to review it.  I figured you guys would already be able to gauge how these items could be used for  backup and restore testing, and create new testing environments as well. It may worth while to note the Blu-ray read and rewrite disc store test builds, and potentially create a new repo pertaining to it. 	

Overall,   raspberry pi 3 is a device I often see within documentations of open source projects I follow. Cost-effective Entry-level device for newbies such as myself. So I thinl it’s only apprapriate to keep it on my radar.

-Git tutorials

	I’ve … like.. thoroughly read a lot of documentation related to git and GitHub in general over the lasts fews  months, but I’m not as sharp as I could be on how to use git to as collaborative tool. I want to go back over that content, focusing on   requests and forks – perhaps run some local test if able to get my hands on new testing environments.

-Whitepaper/Wiki/READ.me

	So there’s the emblem project and then there’s my pen name’s endeavor. I must admit it’s inherently confusing. The plan has been to create a WhitePaper/Wiki(documentation) that adequately addresses both. Right now its probably more appropriate to drop this down to second to last on the project;’s priority list. Advancing those as rough drafts would likely create more confusion then understanding.

White paper Pickup for aaudio (starting now):

	Nonetheless, this is kind of the perfect moment to shed some light of the endeavor to
advance the state of good governance controls, and even provide some info about SHUI. Of
course the following would make a lot more since if we've you've read the text listed under
the endeavor thou.

	So diving right into it... Shui is currently an unincorporated nonprofit that I've been
working on with a relative of mine. I haven't touched up on its' documentation for a good
while, but you can get an idea of how much data I have related to it to format within
opensource enviroments in the near future. [crusor over file properties]

	Just to provide a little context. I believe it was roughly around march of last year that
its' documentation was most up to date, so when I get around to scrolling through some its'
documentation and you see the name Malows project's...Just mentally swap that name with SHUI
for lol. Again I'm making a push towards OpenSource Improvements here. ANYWAY. So that was a
long time ago right.

	It roughly around then that I stumbled into articles about Blockchain technology. Trying to
connect some dots here.

	I was really impressed with its potentially to automate job functions and ton more. And even
today a google search of the term with words coporate & billions then a sort by most recent
date. It produces page of results that are within 24hours. Umm oddly I think media coverage
related to the technology tends to focus on cryptocurrency, Almost as if its synonomus
right. I mean here we have bitcoin in bold... That's weird.

	Anyway [move into to the Gantt chart] I really wanted to find a way to incorpate the tech
into shui's controls. [Side by side: left ='s gannt / right eqaul's AOI --- but gannt
larger]. We actually had a lot of documentation prepared to review, sign, and submit to
receive determination on a state and federal level. But we dececided to postpone.
	Keep in mind that this video isn't limited to viewers in the US, So I to want cover some
info about 501(c)3 really quick. I'm just going to move from left to right through tabs here
well chatting. I'm also going to show the term I search, so that if interested you check it
out yourself. then I'll move to the page. Feel free to pause the video or rewind to catch my
train thought, That if it makes any sense lol. But I want to pick up the pace here. I don't
want to bore you to death.

	 tax exempt purposes referenced under the irc 501(c)3 setion are really dynamic, in a good
way.   [nolo to concept of charity to intellectual.]

	It's definitely wordy, but I prefer to use phrases with 501c3 in them, because just usung
the words charity or nonprofit could do a huge disservice. I mean even in the US, if john
doe walked up to me and start a conversation with "hi, I work with a charity", with just
that I must admit I would think its likely a request for a donation is coming. I'm terrible
right lol, but hopefully you can sense sincerety. you know moving on. What's referenced
under 501(c3) goes well beyond request. In fact, as a self-described social entreprenuer I
favor activities assoicated to the promotion of social welfare, the advancement of both
sciences and also education, and literary purposes.

[moving into intellec]

	I also favor organization that strive ffor self-sufficientcy by advancing products and
services. This isn't a new Idea, there's plenty of organizxations with determination letters
that have acomplished similar already.

	[ move into disqual] they should be commended. its a tricky feat in my opinion.. Especially
you prefer bootstrapping you way up.... Plus keep in mind, In my case with SHUI.. I'm still
to date advancing it along with a relative of mine both on a strictly volunteer basis. I
think there's sound reasons for that…

	[move into good gov] again.. my bad for cruising through these tabs. feel free pause or or
rewind to catch the gist.

	At any rate, I think a lot of of people have heard of 501c3 befor one way or another. But I
dont think its often that you hear of 501c10 in a conversation. In fact, I dont even like to
bring it up much in conversations, just because I know I tend geek out over the application
of ideas like this, theres so much jargon related to domestic fratenal societies.. that term
included. and talking about can be way too matter fact. I prefer not to dish out snot
bubbles. eww that was a gross statement. Anyway, Shui overview in the repo, refenceces
501c10. That's assuming I editted from most recent version... I think i did. lol Anyway,
[move into node image]

	It was a bit out of the scope that overview, even in my emblem really, to discuss the
implications of applying 501c10 considerations to SHUI. But if I included SHUI's lodge-
system's fraternal purpose, umm the common fraternal bond it shares with other organiztions
with the system. Then perhaps you can.. Hold on.. Let me try to think of that common tie of
the top of my head really quick.. It should be something like.. ummmm:

	to advance equality amongst pursuits of upward mobility for all to the extent that
activities are permissible under IRC section 501(c)(3).

I may have used the word promoting instead of the word advance.
If I did I need to change that. In nonprofit, it's easy to take the word promoting out of
context. So with that note about Shui lodge-system and its' common-bond  said, doesn't this
image look alot scalable model for shui. shui representing a parent organiztion of a lodge-
system. Shui being the letter A right here - and all the other nodes representing
potentially subordinate organizations. I'm stating potentially because they don't have to be
subordinate necessarily. But the key word was nodes. This is actually image of a network of
nodes. Essentially, an effort to introduce what I note in shui's oviewview into Ehtereum's
Platform would be really cool. I plan on working hard toward that.

..JINT   

[end of brainstorming exercise]

[Copyrights (first draft): considering adding to read.me but way to stern, outside of my skill-set (CP), and annoying read. Consider nonetheless:  
[Start of Copyrights (first draft)]As an author that has currently produced two repositories (repos) with respective content on voluntary basis with the advancement of literary, the advancement of education, the advancement of sciences, and the promotion of social welfare as purposes in mind those repos content may be discerned as a not for profit resource. In addition, as an author with activities that have not arguably resulted in any form of collaboration (unfortunately) to date it follows that I have no affiliation to packages, dependencies, and/or a given work of other author(s) that in any select arrangement these items my repositories could be viewed as relying upon. The two prior statements considered collectively highlights a basis of activities comparable to a non-profit resource; organized to advance stated purposes which are protected under the fair-use doctrine of the Copyright Act; specifically section 107, which does promote freedom of expression, by permitting the unlicensed use of copyright-protected works. [End of Copyrights (first draft)]

[ may want to include a note related to my preference to use urls as opposed to provide links. Stash somewhere.]
[all most forgot - need to clean up repo. init and package.json/ isolate and remove dependencies in a manner that's more so traditional to apm in particular]
